---
title: Last post
updated: 2016-01-25
---

# Last post

The course is now over and its time to summarize. I have to say that this course was different from any other course I have taken. Usually its stipulated exactly what to do and where to go to learn that, but this course had a much more free approach and let you choose your own path.

The Guild has been an awesome place to register your work and also keep track of the other members work. I have learned alot by looking at other projects and reading blogposts. The Slack channel also worked good and was a much more living organism than what course forums usually are. I didnt write there very much but when I had a problem I got three-four answers in a couple of minutes. The skype meetings with David was valuable but I could certainly had taken advantage of those more often than I did. Davids enthusiasm and passion about JavaScript and web development has been a great inspiration during the course.

In my first post I wrote that I wanted to improve my JavaScript and that I looked forward to learn React. I definitly think that my JavaScript has improved during this course and I really liked React and will without a doubt keep working with it. Other things I have learned during the course (some of which I had read about but not worked with) includes Redux, bundlers (browserify and webpack), Firebase (awesome!), ES2015 and also during my deepdive I had to read up on Angular that I hadn´t worked with for some time. My git and github skills has also taken a step forward.

All in all a great course!

/ Viktor